Releases open preview (#8367)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/releases/configure-your-kubernetes-components.adoc

---
contentTags:
  platform:
  - Cloud
---
= Configure your Kubernetes components - Open preview
:page-layout: classic-docs
:page-liquid:
:page-description: Tutorial outlining how to configure your Kubernetes components for visibility and control on the releases dashboard.
:icons: font
:experimental:

NOTE: CircleCI releases is currently in **open preview**

Visualise and control deployments to your Kubernetes cluster with CircleCI release environments. The steps outlined on this page guide you to set up a release environment and install the CircleCI release agent into your Kubernetes cluster.

[#introduction]
== Introduction

> In this tutorial you will configure your Kubernetes components, adding labels and feature flags to enable visibility and control over your deployments, and access to the following features:

Reviewer: Suggestion: We might want to avoid referring to "feature flags" since that's a separate thing we may offer in the future as a product, and these are more of "settings" specified via K8s annotations.
```suggestion
In this tutorial you will configure your Kubernetes components, adding labels and annotations to enable visibility and control over your deployments, and access to the following features:
```

* Restore a version
* Scale a version
* Restart a version
* Retry a release (when using Argo Rollouts)
* Promote a release (when using Argo Rollouts)
* Cancel a release (when using Argo Rollouts)

[#prerequisites]
== Prerequisites

> Before following the steps below, ensure the release integration has been successfully set up. Refer to the xref:set-up-a-release-integration#[Set up a release integration] page.

Reviewer: Question: Are we still going to call this an "environment"?
```suggestion
Before following the steps below, ensure the release environment has been successfully set up. Refer to the xref:set-up-a-release-environment#[Set up a release environment] page.
```

[#add-required-labels]
== 1. Add required labels to your Deployment/Rollout

> To enable your release to show up on the releases dashboard in the CircleCI web app, add the following labels to your Deployment of Argo Rollout:

Reviewer: ~ Typo: ```suggestion
To enable your release to show up on the releases dashboard in the CircleCI web app, add the following labels to your Kubernetes Deployment or Argo Rollout:
```
